---
title: "～音樂欣賞～I'm Yours～by Jason Mraz"
date: 2008-10-04 00:55:11 +0800

---


<iframe marginwidth="0" marginheight="0" src="http://vlog.xuite.net/vlog/guest/external.php?media_id=YlZZdGo0LTE0NjkwNzQuZmx2&amp;pt=2&amp;ar=1&amp;as=1" scrolling="no" width="185" frameborder="0" height="65"></iframe>



&uarr;I'm Yours&nbsp;&nbsp; by Jason Mraz<br />or you can <a href="http://tw.youtube.com/watch?v=QedgzsjouXU">click me</a> to see the MTV



Well, you done done me and you bet I felt it <br />I tried to be chill but your so hot that I melted <br />I fell right through the cracks, now I'm tryin to get back <br />before the cool done run out I'll be givin it my best test <br />and nothin's gonna stop me but divine intervention <br />I reckon it's again my turn to win some or learn some <br /><br />But I won't hesitate no more, <br />no more, it cannot wait <br />I'm yours <br /><br />Well open up your mind and see like me <br />open up your plans and damn you're free <br />look into your heart and you'll find love love love love <br />listen to the music of the moment people dance and sing<br />We're just one big family<br />And it's our godforsaken right to be loved loved loved loved loved <br /><br />So, i won't hesitate no more, <br />no more, it cannot wait i'm sure <br />there's no need to complicate our time is short <br />this is our fate<br />I'm yours <br /><br />Scooch on over closer, dear<br />And I will nibble your ear<br /><br />I've been spendin' way too long checkin' my tongue in the mirror <br />and bendin' over backwards just to try to see it clearer <br />But my breath fogged up the glass <br />and so I drew a new face and I laughed <br />I guess what I'd be sayin' is there ain't no better reason <br />to rid yourself of vanities and just go with the seasons <br />it's what we aim to do <br />our name is our virtue <br /><br />But I won't hesitate no more, <br />no more it cannot wait<br />I'm yours <br /><br />Well open up your mind and see like me <br />open up your plans and damn you're free <br />look into your heart and you will find that the sky is yours <br /><br />so please don't, please don't, please don't, <br />there's no need to complicate, <br />Cause our time is short <br />This, this, this is our fate, <br />I'm yours<br /><br />*scat*

<hr />

Well, I seldom post articles to introduce songs in my blog. This time I am just fascinated by Jason Mraz, and recently I listen to this song every day and night.<br /><br />Jason Mraz is a singer-songwriter, born and raised in Mechanicsville, Virginia. Mraz's stylistic influences include pop, rock, folk, jazz, and hip hop. He has played with various artists, including Dave Matthews Band, James Blunt(one of my favorite!!), Gavin DeGraw...and so on.<br /><br />It's a song about admiring Nature. Every one belongs to Nature as this song named "I'm Yours." If you want to write a song for Nature, I think Jason Mraz's " I'm Yours" is the best greeting. This song has been #1 on AAA radio charts in the US for 3 weeks as of 06/15/2008 and was made famous by a live recording from his acoustic show at the Villa Montalvo Winery which received millions of hits on his Myspace.<br /><br />Well,<br /><br />Just enjoy it!!



&nbsp;


